[kubernetes] adds beta support for rotated logs (including GZIP) (#15441)
elastic/integrations: packages/kubernetes/_dev/build/docs/container-logs.md

It requires access to the log files in each Kubernetes node where the container logs are stored.
This defaults to `/var/log/containers/*${kubernetes.container.id}.log`.

> By default, only [container parser](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/beats/filebeat/current/filebeat-input-filestream.html#_parsers) is enabled. Additional log parsers can be added as an advanced options configuration.

Reviewer: I agree with @rdner, keeping the template helper is a good idea. Maybe something like this:
```suggestion
By default, only [container parser]({{ url "filebeat-input-filestream-parsers" "container parser" }}) is enabled. Additional log parsers can be added as an advanced options configuration.
```

I did not manage to build the docs to test :/.

How did you test the docs?

## Ingesting Rotated Container Logs
```{applies_to}
stack: beta 9.2.0
```

> ::::{warning}
> **Potential Data Duplication**: When you first add a path, the integration reads all existing files in that directory from the beginning. This action causes a one-time re-ingestion of all previously rotated logs, which results in duplicate data.
> ::::

Reviewer: [Suggestion]

Add something to make extra clear that this happens only when enabling this to an existing integration
```suggestion
::::{warning}
**Potential Data Duplication**: When you add a path to an existing integration, the integration reads all existing files in that directory from the beginning. This action may cause a one-time re-ingestion of all previously rotated logs, which results in duplicate data.
::::
```

The integration can monitor and ingest rotated Kubernetes container logs, including on-the-fly decompression of GZIP archives.

To enable this, use the following configurations:
* **Include rotated log files**: Set to `true`.

> * **Kubernetes container rotated log path**: Specify the path where rotated log files are stored.

Reviewer 2: We already set a reasonable default. The current statement is confusing and tells the user to always set this parameter even if they don't need it by default.

```suggestion
* **Kubernetes container rotated log path**: in case of a custom (non-default) logging configuration in Kubernetes, use this parameter to specify your custom path where rotated log files are stored.
```

> After this initial scan, the integration tracks its state and will only ingest new log data. Subsequent file rotations are handled correctly without further duplication.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After this initial scan, the integration tracks files normally and will only ingest new log data. Subsequent file rotations are handled correctly without further data duplication.
```

Reviewer: I agree with this paragraph, it is a good warning for people enabling this to an existing integration, however it is not clear this is only a concert when enabling this to an existing integration. 

Honestly, do we even need this paragraph here? Isn't the warning at the beginning enough?
